docs: Revamp API Platform Admin docs (#2141)
api-platform/docs: admin/performance.md

In this case, it can be improved by doing only one request for all the related resources instead.

> To do so, you need to make sure the [search filter](../core/filters.md#apifilter-attribute) is enabled for the identifier of the related resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, you need to make sure the [search filter](../core/doctrine-filters.md#search-filter) is enabled for the identifier of the related resource.
```
